Windows Store Icon Maker=============When creating applications for the Windows stores (RT & Phone), there are numerous icons that need to be created. This utility to help generate all the required icon sizes, including the scaled versions for higher DPI devices.Downloading--------I will upload a compiled version in the future. For the moment you can download and compile the application.Usage--------1. Drag and drop an image onto the workspace.2. Select the region of the image you want to crop3. Click *Save* to have the icons be generatedIt is recommended to use an image that is at least 300x300 for best results.Features--------* Automatically generate icons for:	* Windows Phone 7	* Windows Phone 8	* Windows Store Applications###Generated icons**Windows Phone 7*** StoreTile.png (300x300)* BackgroundImage.png (173x173)* ApplicationIcon.png (62x62)**Windows Phone 8** (Next version)*TBA***Windows Store Application*** Logo	* Logo.scale-180.png (270x270)	* Logo.scale-140.png (210x210)	* Logo.scale-100.png (150x150)	* Logo.scale-80.png (120x12)* SmallLogo	* SmallLogo.scale-180.png (54x54)	* SmallLogo.scale-140.png (42x42)	* SmallLogo.scale-100.png (30x30)	* SmallLogo.scale-80.png	(24x24)	* SmallLogo.target-256.png (256x256)	* SmallLogo.target-48.png	(48x48)	* SmallLogo.target-32.png	(32x32)	* SmallLogo.target-16.png	(16x16)* StoreLogo	* StoreLogo.scale-180.png (90x90)	* StoreLogo.scale-140.png (70x70)	* StoreLogo.scale-100.png (50x50)Acknowledgments--------This utility is based off the original source code of [Windows Phone Icons Maker](http://wpiconmaker.codeplex.com/) by [Hiroyuki Kawanishi](http://www.codeplex.com/site/users/view/hiroyuk). The source code had not been updated since September 2011, so I decided to fork it and update it to support the new platforms (WP7/WP8/WinRT).License--------The code is MS-PL as that is what the original source code was licensed as.[http://wpiconmaker.codeplex.com/license](http://wpiconmaker.codeplex.com/license)